Hey welcome back to the course we are looking at the fancy bread motto here.
So first thing here is just a quick brainstorm of some of the key components of the model we want to
address right first.
This is a subscription model.
The customers are choosing one of three plans that they're paying on a monthly basis at these rates.
And there are some restrictions.
You know the first plan is a lot cheaper but they can only get 10 hours a month.
And the second plan is $99 but they get only 40 hours a month and then the final plan $300 a month.
They get unlimited number of hours per month.
There is a cap of max of 60 per location and then they can also bring guests the Creator in the luminary
the two higher tiers they get a certain number of free hours five and twenty before they have to pay
the $6 per hour for the guests rate for the Explorer.
There's no free hours now in terms of costs.
Every time a customer goes to a co-working space we've got to assume that they're going to pay that
co-working office some costs per hour for the customer that's there right.
And then also some other key costs are going to be around acquisition cost is going to cost some money
to convince people to buy into these plans.
Right.
But also it's going to cost the company time and resources money to actually sign on these co-working
offices as partners.
Somebody's got to call them somebody's got to educate them and convince them and sell them on the idea
of being part of the fancy bread network.
So that's going to cost some money.
And obviously we're also going to have some overhead.
Right so these were kind of the major big components we've got to address in the model.
And before we get into the revenue and expenses let's take a look at what the startup costs might look
like.
Right.
So for something like this it's more of an app right.
Like in service you know they're really co-founders or whoever's working on this team they've got to
really just build this app and they need to sign on these initial partners in co-working spaces.
They may launch in just one city or maybe just a couple of cities and you know for them their biggest
startup costs is going to be around having the resources so that they can build it and ramp up and then
do the initial marketing.
So let's say maybe initially they're just working out of a new work small office.
Okay.
And then they are also hiring some other freelance developers.
They have some living expenses just to co-founders you know they want to set aside some initial marketing
budget for their launch.
They're doing some special testing when they're launched in beta just to see which features are better
just to see you know they're doing ABC testing so they're using some tools that's going to help them
do that more efficiently and more effectively.
And being smart.
They are also going to make sure they have a little bit of contingency during the startup.
Right now the startup costs are calculated to be under 140000 but they're going to ask for 400000 just
because with the way the assumptions are going to be built right now which you're going to see in the
next coming lectures they do need a lot more capital to ramp up because when they launch they're going
to be spending more than they're earning initially and that's where they're going to need that working
capital in order to get to the point where they break even.
OK.
Now these startup expenses we got to think about when it happens.
Right.
So how long it happens it may be the fact that they are going to go in development for six months and
go into beta and fine tune over another three months and then they're going to do a bigger launch for
another three months.
Okay so if we look at that as a first 12 months and we split all this up in those 12 months we're going
to be able to model out that initial startup cash flow based on these assumptions.
Okay.
So in the next lecture we're going to look at the revenue side first based on these this subscription
business model on the pricing how might we model out the revenue we're going to take a look at that
next.